Update gmt usage message (#886)
GenericMappingTools/gmt: doc/rst/source/gmt_shell_functions.sh.rst

2. **gmt_shell_functions.sh** were first introduced in GMT version
4.2.2 and have since been regularly expanded with other practical
scripting short-cuts. If you want to suggest other functions, please do

> so by adding a New Issue request on www.generic-mapping-tools.org.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
so by adding a New Issue request on https://github.com/GenericMappingTools/gmt.
```
